attractiveness knows no posture but if
you want to appear taller and exude more
confidence how do we do it kyphosis it
is not a magic spell or an anime villain
it is just a forward-facing curve like
the upper curve of your back now hyper
kyphosis is when that curve is greatly
over exaggerated and your chin juts
forward this curve is not bad for you
and if you're otherwise healthy you do
not need to fix it in fact in the
scientific literature they can't even
find a link between back pain and bad
posture so why is everyone obsessed with
it text neck text neck it's called text
neck heads down staring at their phones
people are looking down that's causing
you head to come forward bottom line
doctors say ignoring the problem will
most likely cause that pain in your neck
to only get worse and
worse doctors say a lot of things but
that doesn't mean they've done the
research to back up their claims when
you take the time to actually look at
some data the consensus is that posture
deserves less focus when managing pain
and I know it's easy to blang those dang
smartphones but the use of smartphones
was not correlated with neck pain and
disability but I get it in our very
shallow culture this looks better than
this which is kind of funny because I
personally know people like this I wish
I had people to discuss my algorithms
with algae has a rhythm I don't think so
anyway don't judge a book by its cover
or a person by their posture but if you
genuinely want to appear taller more
confident and possibly a little bit more
attractive I will help help you but a
word of warning this takes real effort
and don't think I forgot about every
influencer's favorite posture
vosis oh yeah which by the way is just
the opposite curve of kyphosis and it is
not a medieval Lord named osis even
though that would be really cool
lordosis curves inward instead of
outward it's typically in your lower
back just like this and if you're like
most of the population like me it's also
in your neck like that and Hy lordosis
is when that curve is over exaggerated
far more than the normal range and again
this curve is not bad for you and you
don't need to fix it my goodness I feel
like I have to yell sometimes anyway
I'll teach you how you can also change
this curve to whatever you want from
lowercase booty back to uppercase booty
and back again but before I teach you
how to change your posture to whatever
you want just know that hyperfocusing on
your posture that is staying in one
position for a very long time can create
stiffness and by extension sometimes
pain it's kind of funny that most people
with back pain assume it's their bad
posture causing it when it's more likely
that they're focusing too much on good
posture and creating stiffness which can
cause pain round one kyphosis to win the
fight against kyphosis and take control
of your back you need to learn to extend
your spine which is what I'm doing right
now but keep in mind that this much
extension is not needed but it is
helpful but don't be a dummy learn to
flex your spine too it's better to be
flexible in all ranges of motion then to
be stiff in all but one just two
exercises with your ribs against the
wall shoulders and head all the way back
you're going to bring your wrist all the
way back to the wall but wait make sure
your ribs didn't pop off so again check
them in try and get your wrist back and
you're going to slide up and down for 10
reps by the way if you can't quite get
your wrist all the way to the wall
without your ribs popping up focus on
keeping the ribs down and get the wrist
as close as you can and then do your
reps exercise two keep your thumbs out
put your elbows on the table and sink
your chest down as far as you can go
breathe deeply and you're going to hold
the stretch for 30 full seconds and if
you work on your hamstring flexibility
at all you're already going to be
working on your spinal flexion as you
can see but we're going to train spinal
flexion in the next section anyway with
a different exercise so you don't really
have to worry about it so bounce back
and forth between the active stretch
which is the wall angels and the passive
stretch which is the lat stretch the
wall Angels you're going to do for 10
reps and the lat stretch you're going to
do for 30 seconds and you want to do
both for at least three sets round two
lordosis yeah this one is a little
different cuz some of you want to hide
what you got and some of you uh don't
but either way you should increase both
ranges and then pick a comfortable
medium for you to live in for a little
bit first exercise grab a leg slowly
straighten it out till you feel a
stretch in your spine if that's too easy
grab both of your legs straighten them
out as much as you can and pull your
belly button toward your spine till you
feel that deep deep stretch oh boy and
exercise two flex your cheeks as you're
laying down lift out and up until you
feel a stretch in your abs don't really
focus on crunching down on your back
it's not about extending your back it's
about stretching those abs and growing
longer bounce back and forth for a total
of three sets of 30 seconds for both of
those exercises I know what you're
thinking this is a little too
complicated which is why I made a
completely free ebook that you can
download that's free yeah that you can
download below and it's got more
exercises more videos and all that sort
of stuff so um let's do a recap posture
doesn't make you that much more
attractive and besides bad posture isn't
really correlated with back pain or neck
pain however forcing yourself to be
still in any posture can make you stiff
and that can sometimes be interpreted as
pain but if you want the ability a shape
shift keep the ribs in and 10 reps here
elbows on the wall chest down 30 seconds
hug your legs and then pull your belly
button toward your spine 30 seconds then
stretch out and up and hold this again
for 30 seconds if that's too much to
remember I have free ebooks your next
posture is your best posture so if you
want to avoid that stiffness just move
more stay flexy posture doesn't make you
that much more
attractive that'll work